HARI SREENIVASAN: Moving and
shaking today in the White
House communications staff.
Sean Spicer resigned as press
secretary after just six months,
saying the president needs
a -- quote -- "clean slate."
But it was widely reported that
he objected to the naming of
Wall Street financier Anthony
Scaramucci as
communications director.
At a White House briefing,
Scaramucci sought to play
down talk of any discord.
ANTHONY SCARAMUCCI, Incoming
White House Communications
Director: For me, as
it relates to Sean, it
speaks volumes to who he
is as a human being, who
he is as a team player.
OK?
So his attitude is, if
Anthony's coming in, let me
clear the slate for Anthony.
And I do appreciate that about
Sean, and I love him for it.
But I don't have any
friction with Sean.
HARI SREENIVASAN:
Scaramucci also named
Spicer's deputy, Sarah
Huckabee Sanders, to be the
new press secretary.
In a statement, President Trump
praised Spicer's work, and said
-- quote -- "Just look at his
great television ratings."
The spokesman for the
president's legal team, Mark
Corallo, also resigned today.
That came amid reports that the
lawyers are hunting possible
conflicts of interest by
special counsel Robert Mueller.
Mueller is investigating Russian
meddling in the 2016 election.
The White House would neither
confirm nor deny the reports.
The president's lead lawyer did
deny a Washington Post account
that they're examining whether
Mr. Trump could pardon
relatives, aides
and even himself.
We will take a closer
look at all of this
after the news summary.
Israeli-Palestinian
tensions erupted into
street battles today between
police and protesters
in Jerusalem and the West Bank.
At least three Palestinians were
killed, and nearly 400 hurt.
Exploding stun grenades
drowned out Friday prayers in
Jerusalem, as ambulance sirens
wailed.
Palestinians called it a
day of rage, protesting
Israel's installation
of metal detectors at
a holy site revered by
both Muslims and Jews.
MAN (through translator):
This place is made
for worshipping God.
They cannot prevent Muslims
from entering to pray.
They are acting against God.
HARI SREENIVASAN: The Israelis
put up the metal detectors
after Arab-Israeli gunmen
killed two police
officers last Friday.
It happened at the complex known
as the Temple Mount to Jews and
the Noble Sanctuary to Muslims.
Inside, Al-Aqsa Mosque, the
third holiest site in Islam, and
the Dome of the Rock, they're
bordered by the Western Wall,
the holiest site in Judaism.
Tensions have been building
ever since the shooting.
Overnight, the streets of
Jerusalem's Old City were
filled with protesters throwing
stones and security forces
firing back with grenades.
Today, police refused to
remove the metal detectors, and
barred Muslim men younger than
50 from entering the holy site.
Security checkpoints also
blocked busloads of Muslims
traveling to Jerusalem.
MICKY ROSENFELD, Israeli
Police Spokesman: The security
measures will continue in and
around the area of the Old City
and the Temple Mount, in order
to prevent any further terrorist
attacks.
HARI SREENIVASAN: But the
grand mufti of Jerusalem
rallied thousands of
Muslims to pray outside
the gates of the old city, under
the watch of Israeli forces.
He predicted a
long test of wills.
AMIN AL-HUSSEINI, Grand Mufti of
Jerusalem (through translator):
We do accept any restrictions
on the door of the
Al-Aqsa Mosque.
Therefore, all the Palestinian
people reject these gates
and refuse to accept or enter
through them.
HARI SREENIVASAN: The violence
broke out after prayers, and
spilled over to towns across
the West Bank.
Later, the day of rage
turned to grief, as
mourners held a funeral
for one of the Palestinian
dead.
And a Palestinian stabbed
three Israelis to death
in a West Bank settlement.
Tonight, Palestinian President
Mahmoud Abbas announced he's
freezing contacts with Israel
on all levels.
In Afghanistan, the
U.S. military confirms
that a NATO airstrike
mistakenly killed Afghan
troops today.
Officials say it happened during
an operation against Taliban
fighters in Helmand Province
in the south.
The provincial governor
says at least two
Afghan commanders died.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson
is urging Gulf nations to
lift their economic blockade
of Qatar.
Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Egypt and
the UAE have imposed sanctions
on Qatar over charges of
financing terror groups.
Today, Tillerson met with
the Omani foreign minister.
He commended the oil
state's efforts to comply
with an agreement on
curbing terror financing.
REX TILLERSON, U.S. Secretary
of State: They have been very
aggressive in implementing
that agreement.
So we are -- I think we're
satisfied with the effort
they are putting forth.
I think they also have indicated
a willingness to sit with the
four parties and negotiate,
discuss the demands.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Meanwhile,
Qatar's emir denounced the
blockade as a smear campaign,
but said he's open to dialogue.
President Trump is demanding
that Iran release the American
citizens it is holding.
In a statement this evening,
the White House warned of new
and serious consequences unless
Tehran frees all unjustly
imprisoned Americans.
At least three U.S. citizens
are currently jailed in Iran.
A powerful earthquake shook
the coasts of Turkey and
Greece early today, killing at
least two people.
The quake was centered near the
Greek island of Kos, and the
Turkish tourist hub of Bodrum.
Nearly 500 people were injured,
and the tremor caused heavy
damage to buildings, roads and
historical sites.
Thousands of tourists were
forced to sleep outdoors.
Some tried to leave,
but got stranded.
WOMAN (through translator):
We were woken up at
1:30 in the morning.
We were wondering what happened.
Everything was shaking.
We panicked and didn't
know what was going on.
So, we quickly gathered our
stuff and went out of the hotel,
because, as it was several
floors high, we didn't want
it to fall on our heads.
Everyone was out in the street.
It was a massive panic.
In the hotel lobby, vases
and lamps were upside down.
HARI SREENIVASAN: The two
people killed were identified as
tourists from Turkey and Sweden.
The State Department has
announced a ban on Americans
traveling to North Korea.
A statement today cited
the serious risk of
arrest and long-term
detention in the North.
The move follows the death of
college student Otto Warmbier.
He was jailed in North
Korea on a charge of
stealing a propaganda
poster, then sent home
in a coma.
He died last month.
And on Wall Street, stocks
ended the week in retreat.
The Dow Jones industrial
average lost 31 points
to close at 21580.
The Nasdaq fell two
points, and the S&P 500
lost about one point.
For the week, the Dow was
down a fraction of a percent.
The Nasdaq rose more than
1 percent, and the S&P
was up half-a-percent.